S3~Hull Upgrade 2~This final upgrade to sub allows it to travel to the furthest depths of the ocean. + 10 defense.
S4~Antikythera mechanism~Among ancient and well-preserved Grecian pottery, a spectacular find in its own right, a complex mechanism made with gears and seeming to date back to the second century B.C. comes into light. This device tracks the cycles of the solar system. This first “computer” is a magnificent piece of historical significance.
S7~Torpedo~A sleek, silver missile that cuts through the water before exploding on impact.
S8~Belitung Shipwreck~A 9th-century ship that proved that trading between China and the Middle East existed during that time by way of the “Maritime Silk Route.” The wreck is also the largest collection of Chinese Tang Dynasty artifacts found in one place, so it’s also called the “Tang Treasure.”
S11~Hull Upgrade 1~This allows the sub to gain + 10 armor but also to withstand the greater pressures of the depths, allowing the player to venture further into the abyss.
S12~Drill Upgrade~This allows the sub to also have a drill, which adds attack power to the normal attack. + 10 to player attack. Does not affect torpedo damage.
S13~The Titanic~Your submarine’s exterior flood lights illuminate a large, shadowy and almost spectral ship looming over the rest of the sea floor. You might have uncovered a titanic discovery. But this wreck also emanates with lingering tragedy. Perhaps some secrets of this vessel still linger in the icy depths.
S14~Ancient Caesarean coins~You happen to notice something glinting on the seafloor. 2,000 coins from Israel’s ancient past. 1,000 years in the past to be specific. This is the largest gold treasure found in this particular country.
S16~Claw Upgrade~Your sub’s claw is used to haul treasure, but it seems to also be good at defending from ocean predators. This upgrade makes your claw stronger and shinier. + 10 attack. Does not affect torpedo damage.
S17~Super Torpedo~These larger versions of normal torpedoes have a shark face on the front and pack a larger punch.
S18~Wreck of the Nuestra Señora de Atocha~Gold, jewels, wealth untold! Actually, this ancient Spanish galleon’s wealth totals to about $400 million dollars. The treasure includes 24 tons of silver bullion, ingots, and coins, 125 gold bars and discs and 1,200 pounds silverware. Other items with great historical importance were recovered, like 20 bronze cannons, navigational instruments and Native American artifacts.
S19~Heracleion~While combing the sea floor the lidless gaze of a giant stone face comes into view. Not only that, but a whole city, resting beneath the waves. Though inspired by the Greeks, hence the name, this city rests off of Egypt’s coast and so has many historical artifacts such as jewels, ceramics and coins. The historical significance of this find is priceless, however.
S20~Repair Kit~These kits are filled with useful tools and hull patches to fix any damage your sub might sustain in battle. A red metal box with a handle, these things surprisingly appear on the sea floor while you’re exploring.